Didn't you promise me,
as long as I'm obedient,
you would grant me everything I want?
desires?
I don't really want to let go either.
want to let go.
I only want her to stay by my side,
want my sight to only see her.
To commemorate this, I'll agree to anything.
But, I have a condition.
What?
Kiss me once every day.
Let's start now.
Answer the phone when you want to.
Didn't I tell you?
Don't be nervous around me.
Hello, Mom.
Linlin, you finally turned on your phone.
I'm fine, just my phone ran out of battery.
Just now left the store.
It's good that you're okay.
Your dad said you had
something urgent and had to fly back to Rome.
Did something happen?
Nothing, just school suddenly
canceled the holiday.
So I'm going back.
Are you and Dad home already?
Linlin, what's the matter?
What was that sound just now?